for hours we could hear the explosions
around 10 kilometers away in
Israel it was the biggest Israeli raid
into the Gaza Strip so far in this
war the Army released this video it said
of the battlefield being prepared
presumably for the invasion of Gaza that
the government says is coming the
soldiers pulled back into Israel some
time before
Dawn
in hunis in southern Gaza more raids and
death in a place where Israel told
Palestinians to go to be
[Music]
safe we want to live Beautiful lives
said raged not have Rockets hitting our
heads the building fell on our
[Music]
heads the UN says nowhere is safe in
Gaza and The Siege violates the laws of
war Israel has k killed thousands of
Palestinian
civilians just a few miles away in
Israel Sally Pou lives in one of the
communities Hass attacked this is me
this is one of my friend Gil Bo and he
was murdered I I'm all the time thinking
how they what they did to them how they
suffered with so much loss whole
families she is furious that Israel's
response is being questioned
at this time we
realize that after that it's us or them
if it is as you say us or them is it
okay to ignore International
humanitarian law I'm tired of it of what
the the the the law the international
law said the international law didn't
prevent this murders this this brutal
murder Mur where was the world people
was happy about it along the Gaza border
civilian volunteers are bringing home
Comforts to the
Troops the soldiers commanders say
they're ready and that it's a waiting
game until the war cabinet orders them
into Gaza the men I spoke to were
certain that Israel's actions since
herass attacked were legal morally
Justified and vital for the security of
their
families most of the soldiers here were
reservists it's called out of civilian
life you said you're a social worker yes
you must deal with people with trauma
how long will it take Israelis to
process this National drama if ever
Generations I think something broken
here we want to protect we don't want to
fight we don't want to to
kill but if we need to do it so we here
we are here we are who you want to side
with people that are are like you we are
the same we have the same values of
Freedom Free Speech women rights lgbtq
rights ahead is complex Urban Warfare
when might depend on the success or
failure of talks to free the
hostages Israelis get behind their
soldiers especially at times like this
almost everybody has been in the
military or has a son or a daughter in
uniform it's a different thing when it
comes to
politicians prime minister Benjamin
Netanyahu makes carefully choreographed
appearances but he avoids his many
political enemies who say he left Israel
vulnerable to
Hamas Israelis though are united in
their fight against Hamas but their
country faces big challenges and their
leader is under crushing pressure Jeremy
boen BBC News in southern Israel